Add a Prometheus Remote Write connector to the exporting engine (#8292)
netdata/netdata: exporting/prometheus/remote_write/README.md

# Prometheus remote write exporting connector

> 

Reviewer: Could we add a new sentence here that very briefly explains what this connector does?

The Prometheus remote write exporting connector uses the [exporting engine](../README.md) to send Netdata metrics to your choice of more than 20 external storage providers for long-term archiving and further analysis.

Author: Done

## Prerequisites

To use the Prometheus remote write API with [storage

> providers](https://prometheus.io/docs/operating/integrations/#remote-endpoints-and-storage) you should install first

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
providers](https://prometheus.io/docs/operating/integrations/#remote-endpoints-and-storage), install
```

[protobuf](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/) and [snappy](https://github.com/google/snappy) libraries.

> Next, re-install Netdata from the source, which detects that the required libraries and

Reviewer: Could you also re-install using a kickstart script, or does it have to be from source?

Author: AFAIK `kickstart.sh` doesn't install the dependencies needed for the remote write connector.

> Next, Netdata should be re-installed from the source. The installer will detect that the required libraries and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Next, re-install Netdata from the source, which detects that the required libraries and
```

utilities are now available.

## Configuration

> To enable data sending to a storage provider using the Prometheus remote write API, run `./edit-config exporting.conf`

Reviewer: We should stick with using the word "exporting" when talking about these connectors.

```suggestion
To enable data exporting to a storage provider using the Prometheus remote write API, run `./edit-config exporting.conf`
```

in the Netdata configuration directory and set the following options:

```conf
[remote_write:my_instance]
    enabled = yes
    destination = example.domain:example_port
    remote write URL path = /receive
```

`remote write URL path` is used to set an endpoint path for the remote write protocol. The default value is `/receive`.

> For example, if your endpoint is `http://example.domain:example_port/storage/read` you should set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if your endpoint is `http://example.domain:example_port/storage/read`:
```
